the mayor of the possession the casino of
saint-gilles hype energy and binds to fc
presents you the pancrace gala of
is in fc 2
two white balls on the ring
the tough guy there on lorik here is jonathan
just arrived so there in waves the
two fighters have very very good
prepared
on what to the young people tonight he was
also isolated expect and wait for me
can fly was inspired from 5 to 7
th victory 3 1
it's worth a bit 10 and black families
thierry then a second fighter who
we come from the sound we invite ligron
interview before the resumed so
now we will see it happens to me
while his brother specialist discipline
in full development at the meeting
we love his 10 years
Oh
for me
of course three singers china
good ben ari six years old eric rohmer
I
twice five minutes also so
there we are always in two times his
hope theory
I do not make gold marimutou who had
won his fight at contenders 14
last year to possession on a
key to his home here is the fight that
start
I do not think we're going to stand up
long time I hear kick
low
of course there was no intention but
his brand and still
psychologically it can play that can
actually play it can play in
both ways
it can make the fighter go
get excited about her partner on her
opponent
it can make it go down but I
think a fighter like jonathan
who did a lot of
competition it does not play on his
mind then the referee leaves him the
time needed for him to
recover and we will resume in
a few seconds
it is diminished it seems a little bit
yes it is true that despite the shell that
touch anyway a warning so
verbal warning from
the arbitrated impression are not
volunteers no it's true volunteer
good bah
jonathan who lost the balanced on a
high kick and johnny marimoutou try
to enjoy it by coming to take the
control over him on the ground but jonathan
is a great expert also of judo so
the soil knows him
that's it for now johnny in half
keep
I'm not waiting for another leg control
jonathan who was a little distracted
by the couple actually I think that
this is a little bit distracted but
this is where he is in the thick of it
resume the fight so we see him who
works is working on an attempt to
keys of jeji jewels gatame that slipped
actually to a key two attempts
Ankle key from the
johnny starboard it's his specialty he
had won over it last year
I hope it's not going to be the same
thing in any case not immediately for
we have a little more show
and this year I'm just waiting for
the moment happens to counter all
stations that may arrive quickly
without a license and it is possible to
Jonathan who also works on the
ankle thomas drimm at the neck and that's it and
who therefore takes control over on
johnny
I was not waiting in a riding position
is working on a neck wrench what we
call an anaconda but who does not
seem to be working for the moment on
johnny fedor marilou all for now
he did not get you
so he's still on the ground his
title exploits there for now
think it's static it's true
since the body does not move too much but
I tell you that at the level of the arms
still works pretty well so a
work against for johnny marr into
who tries not to get caught
So here I wait I wait we see they
try to change a little bit of
work on his neck he tries to
control his arm here I wait
forever in a riding position
control over jenny marino who
work that's why the
referees allow fighters
continued the ground fight
So here it is effect
think that it was not working enough
sarr again at the point two ends on
looks like johnny makes gold is over
physically affected very beautiful
jonathan projection that a specialist
this reminder that comes from judo it makes a
attempt to judge gatame he is well
square
she passed he abandoned to the
shovel submissive jonathan submission that
won over an ikata judge happened to me
passage giga tam and especially Thursday fedor
it's really not obvious very very good
jonathan's work that turns out to be think
y to fc 2
we will still do bath pleading and
opponents they greet each other who gets
respects so in africa are good for
the moment we said it what happens when
we actually win for the moment
so not only those who come to
soil wins in more we do not arrive at
end of the fight there is even in batches
second not even at the second
actually if all the fights
finished first rand I feel that the
evening is going to be short and submission
of the first recovery